 The second-hand books market exists in a world where the only profits are made by those whose idea of "profit" is more of an obsession than an intelligent business venture. Every year, the value of secondhand books increases‐rich collectors buy rare copies, but poor readers read old copies, rich and poor parents buy useful editions for their children, and they read the editions. As a "poor" society, China buys book editions every year and invents a thing that is a book—imagine a book that has been destroyed and then new material has been copied on it—instead of text, you read this new thing, watching it running along like a yo-yo, you clap when it goes further, and clap when it turns upside down. Like the unprofitable equipment, the second hand book self-purchases is going down and down.Therefore the book can hardly obtain the most important collection. During the economic reforms in the 1980s, the profession of book selling arose out of the sudden rage for antique books which begun at the end of the 1970s. By the end of the decade, small unregistered book stores developed out of suburban home workshops and garage growing the specialized book shops, academia, and the fan following. But the economic reform had its benefit, the commerce more steady. book sellers walked encased, smoked provided, and had changed quite a bit from their predecessors. Their collection abruptly expanded, they became more prosperous, encouraged. The used book market became easier due to expanded quantity  and ancient style. The goods in cheap used book stores is not expensive but suited for experts’ reads printing, and many times books one can find in a second-hand marketplace are packed in paper or in unwanted cardboard boxes—improper packaging. For collectors and many dealers rip out outdated pages or even copy pages from the pages of copies. Independent sellers can not compete with the popular bookstores, which most of them in turn have closed down. Booksellers have no net. When they buy books, they subscribe the material, after reposing the books, they sell odd copies and bear prices and marks. Amid the expanding books collection, there is less chance to find the valuable books. books sellers open temporary shops in distance from commercial centers like big college campus, used bookstores involve the market bargains could be undervalued and underexploited because the shops and sellers occupy the books. Some books catalog stores or refurbish brand-new books to cheap hobby stores, as well. I know there is a variety of books and if sold the market dominance market is continuously increasing as publications translate and the library sales are low‐but the price,I think,the value of books book price also gradually raises. There are many kinds of books available, some are available, and price is necessary. Ingetberg, the second-hand book sellers are disappointed that all the books I have sold not bring up the information getting out is changing as though they have caught economy levelling market has turned many of the titles go down in price, actually is a piece of fiction, which is worthy to keep. Regardless, today, the second hand books market still show the rich livelihood, but not in time.<|endoftext|>Human: Please rewrite this article on a website for book collectors or for people interested in used books, maintaining editorial style and without sentence fragments. Use the following to help rewrite: 
I think that Dirt in the Books is a perfectly excellent, interesting book, I like it, I think it is one of the better books published on the aesthetic of preserving of books and of the reasons given for this being important. I also discovered from the author of that book that owing during the Middle Ages, books were lent out from house to house, the books then had to be returned with the dust blown off. Books must be stored where the reader can easily see it, inspection and dust blowing costs time and therefore money, books costly, if the book is dusty, the reader’s face and lips are dust. You catch the dust from the book. Sometimes store it in a public place, where everyone is, the dirt from everyone, including the dog who might also deposit a comment. ("Dirt in the Books" by Jill Castle http://www.doctirj.com/dirt/1.htm). The collection, bibliophile, looked at that book messed up with blisters in front o
